_pages/identity/products.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Products
group: identity
status: in_progress
permalink: /identity/products.html
description: High-level brand guidelines and assets for each Azavea SaaS product and long-term open source projects.
redirect_from: /identity/open-source.html

---
Azavea actively develops, maintains, and commercializes several SaaS products. We also develop and maintain several open source tools and libraries as long-term projects. Asset downloads and official marketing copy for each of these are listed below.

## Cicero
Always capitalize the first letter of “Cicero”. View the [Cicero website](https://www.cicerodata.com/) to find out more about the product.

{% include image-container.html
  src =  "../images/logo-cicero.png"
  alt =  "Cicero"
%}

<a href="/downloads/cicero.zip" class="c-btn c-btn--small" download>Download assets</a>

### Tagline
{% include copy-paste.html
  description = "Legislative district and elected officials database for district assignment, advocacy, and district mapping to support citizen engagement in the US and other countries."
%}

## Raster Foundry
Always capitalize the first letter of each word in “Raster Foundry”. It should never be written in upper camel case. View the [Raster Foundry website](https://www.rasterfoundry.com/) to find out more about the product.

{% include image-container.html
  src =  "../images/logo-rasterfoundry.png"
  alt =  "Raster Foundry"
%}
<a href="/downloads/rasterfoundry.zip" class="c-btn c-btn--small" download>Download assets</a>

### Tagline
{% include copy-paste.html
  description = "Raster Foundry helps users find, combine and analyze earth imagery at any scale, and share it on the web."
%}

## DistrictBuilder
“DistrictBuilder” should always be written in upper camel case. View the [DistrictBuilder website](http://www.districtbuilder.org/) to find out more about the product.

### Tagline
{% include image-container.html
  src =  "../images/logo-districtbuilder.png"
  alt =  "DistrictBuilder"
%}
<a href="/downloads/districtbuilder.zip" class="c-btn c-btn--small" download>Download assets</a>

### Tagline
{% include copy-paste.html
  description = "DistrictBuilder is web-based, open source software for collaborative redistricting."
%}

## GeoTrellis
“GeoTrellis” should always be written in upper camel case. View the [GeoTrellis website](https://geotrellis.io/) for more information about the library. GeoTrellis and the GeoTrellis logo are trademarks of the Eclipse Foundation, Inc.

{% include image-container.html
  src =  "../images/logo-geotrellis.png"
  alt =  "GeoTrellis"
%}
<a href="/downloads/geotrellis.zip" class="c-btn c-btn--small" download>Download assets</a>

### Tagline
{% include copy-paste.html
  description = "An open source software toolkit based on Apache Spark that supports fast geospatial data processing by distributing tasks across computer clusters."
%}

## OpenTreeMap
“OpenTreeMap” should always be written in upper camel case. View the [OpenTreeMap website](https://www.opentreemap.org/) to find out more about the product. Future development on OpenTreeMap has been suspended, but support of existing clients continues.

{% include image-container.html
  src =  "../images/logo-opentreemap.png"
  alt =  "OpenTreeMap"
%}
<a href="/downloads/opentreemap.zip" class="c-btn c-btn--small" download>Download assets</a>

### Tagline
{% include copy-paste.html
  description = "Open source collaborative urban ecosystem tools for tree inventory, community engagement, ecosystem services calculations, and urban forestry analysis."
%}

## Raster Vision
“Raster Vision” should always be written in upper camel case. View the [Raster Vision Github repo](https://github.com/azavea/raster-vision) for more information about the project.

{% include image-container.html
  src =  "../images/logo-rastervision.svg"
  alt =  "RasterVision"
  style = "inverted"
%}
<a href="/downloads/raster-vision.zip" class="c-btn c-btn--small" download>Download assets</a>

### Tagline
{% include copy-paste.html
  description = "Deep learning for aerial and satellite imagery."
%}

## Temperate
Always capitalize the first letter of “Temperate”. View the [Temperate website](https://www.temperate.io/) to find out more about the product.

{% include image-container.html
  src =  "../images/logo-temperate.png"
  alt =  "Temperate"
%}
<a href="/downloads/temperate.zip" class="c-btn c-btn--small" download>Download assets</a>

### Tagline
{% include copy-paste.html
  description = "Temperate is a guided app for city-based climate change adaptation planners."
%}

## Climate API
Always capitalize “Climate” and write “API” in all caps. It should never be written in upper camel case. Visit the [Climate API website](https://climate.azavea.com/) to find out more information. The Climate API powers the Climate Lab project and Temperate product.

{% include image-container.html
  src =  "../images/logo-climate-api-white.svg"
  alt =  "Climate API logo"
  style = "inverted"
%}
<a href="/downloads/climate-api.zip" class="c-btn c-btn--small" download>Download assets</a>

### Elevator pitch
{% include copy-paste.html
  description = "Plan for the future with reliable data. Our Lab interface lets you experiment with different models and scenarios for universally-recognized temperature and precipitation indicators. Access the same data for your research and application development through our API."
%}

### Tagline
{% include copy-paste.html
  description = "Climate change data made easy."
%}

## OpenDataPhilly
“OpenDataPhilly” should always be written in upper camel case. View the [OpenDataPhilly website](https://www.opendataphilly.org/) for more information about the catalog.

{% include image-container.html
  style = "inverted"
  src =  "../images/logo-opendataphilly.png"
  alt =  "OpenDataPhilly"
%}
<a href="/downloads/opendataphilly.zip" class="c-btn c-btn--small" download>Download assets</a>

### Elevator pitch
{% include copy-paste.html
  description = "OpenDataPhilly is a catalog of open data in the Philadelphia region. In addition to being the official open data repository for the city, it includes data sets from many organizations in the region."
%}

### Tagline
{% include copy-paste.html
  description = "Your source for open data in the Philadelphia region."
%}

Commit message:

Adds GroundWork and new DistrictBuilder logos (#123)
* Replace DistrictBuilder logos with rebrand

* Add GroundWork logos

* Add release notes

_pages/identity/products.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Products
group: identity
permalink: /identity/products.html
description: High-level brand guidelines and assets for each Azavea SaaS product and long-term open source projects.
redirect_from: /identity/open-source.html

---
Azavea actively develops, maintains, and commercializes several SaaS products. We also develop and maintain several open source tools and libraries as long-term projects. Asset downloads and official marketing copy for each of these are listed below.

## Cicero
Always capitalize the first letter of “Cicero”. View the [Cicero website](https://www.cicerodata.com/) to find out more about the product.

{% include image-container.html
  src =  "../images/logo-cicero.png"
  alt =  "Cicero"
%}

<a href="/downloads/cicero.zip" class="c-btn c-btn--small" download>Download assets</a>

### Tagline
{% include copy-paste.html
  description = "Legislative district and elected officials database for district assignment, advocacy, and district mapping to support citizen engagement in the US and other countries."
%}

## Raster Foundry
Always capitalize the first letter of each word in “Raster Foundry”. It should never be written in upper camel case. View the [Raster Foundry website](https://www.rasterfoundry.com/) to find out more about the product.

{% include image-container.html
  src =  "../images/logo-rasterfoundry.png"
  alt =  "Raster Foundry"
%}
<a href="/downloads/rasterfoundry.zip" class="c-btn c-btn--small" download>Download assets</a>

### Tagline
{% include copy-paste.html
  description = "Raster Foundry helps users find, combine and analyze earth imagery at any scale, and share it on the web."
%}

## GroundWork
“GroundWork” should always be written in upper camel case. View the [GroundWork Github repo](https://github.com/raster-foundry/annotate) for more information about the project.

{% include image-container.html
  src =  "../images/logo-groundwork.svg"
  alt =  "GroundWork"
%}
<a href="/downloads/groundwork.zip" class="c-btn c-btn--small" download>Download assets</a>

### Tagline
{% include copy-paste.html
  description = "The first annotation tool designed for geospatial data."
%}

{% include copy-paste.html
  description = "An annotation tool designed for geospatial data, including satellite, aerial, and drone imagery. GroundWork supports object detection, chip classification and semantic segmentation projects, ideal for creating training datasets for machine learning projects."
%}




## DistrictBuilder
“DistrictBuilder” should always be written in upper camel case. View the [DistrictBuilder website](http://www.districtbuilder.org/) to find out more about the product.

### Tagline
{% include image-container.html
  src =  "../images/logo-districtbuilder.png"
  alt =  "DistrictBuilder"
%}
<a href="/downloads/districtbuilder.zip" class="c-btn c-btn--small" download>Download assets</a>

### Tagline
{% include copy-paste.html
  description = "DistrictBuilder is a free and open source redistricting tool."
%}

{% include copy-paste.html
  description = "DistrictBuilder is the free and open redistricting tool for everyone. Pick any state, draw your map, and make your voice heard for fair districts. Down to block level. All with an intuitive interface powered by a decade of redistricting experience."
%}

## GeoTrellis
“GeoTrellis” should always be written in upper camel case. View the [GeoTrellis website](https://geotrellis.io/) for more information about the library. GeoTrellis and the GeoTrellis logo are trademarks of the Eclipse Foundation, Inc.

{% include image-container.html
  src =  "../images/logo-geotrellis.png"
  alt =  "GeoTrellis"
%}
<a href="/downloads/geotrellis.zip" class="c-btn c-btn--small" download>Download assets</a>

### Tagline
{% include copy-paste.html
  description = "An open source software toolkit based on Apache Spark that supports fast geospatial data processing by distributing tasks across computer clusters."
%}

## OpenTreeMap
“OpenTreeMap” should always be written in upper camel case. View the [OpenTreeMap website](https://www.opentreemap.org/) to find out more about the product. Future development on OpenTreeMap has been suspended, but support of existing clients continues.

{% include image-container.html
  src =  "../images/logo-opentreemap.png"
  alt =  "OpenTreeMap"
%}
<a href="/downloads/opentreemap.zip" class="c-btn c-btn--small" download>Download assets</a>

### Tagline
{% include copy-paste.html
  description = "Open source collaborative urban ecosystem tools for tree inventory, community engagement, ecosystem services calculations, and urban forestry analysis."
%}

## Raster Vision
“Raster Vision” should always be written in upper camel case. View the [Raster Vision Github repo](https://github.com/azavea/raster-vision) for more information about the project.

{% include image-container.html
  src =  "../images/logo-rastervision.svg"
  alt =  "RasterVision"
  style = "inverted"
%}
<a href="/downloads/raster-vision.zip" class="c-btn c-btn--small" download>Download assets</a>

### Tagline
{% include copy-paste.html
  description = "Deep learning for aerial and satellite imagery."
%}

## Temperate
Always capitalize the first letter of “Temperate”. View the [Temperate website](https://www.temperate.io/) to find out more about the product.

{% include image-container.html
  src =  "../images/logo-temperate.png"
  alt =  "Temperate"
%}
<a href="/downloads/temperate.zip" class="c-btn c-btn--small" download>Download assets</a>

### Tagline
{% include copy-paste.html
  description = "Temperate is a guided app for city-based climate change adaptation planners."
%}

## Climate API
Always capitalize “Climate” and write “API” in all caps. It should never be written in upper camel case. Visit the [Climate API website](https://climate.azavea.com/) to find out more information. The Climate API powers the Climate Lab project and Temperate product.

{% include image-container.html
  src =  "../images/logo-climate-api-white.svg"
  alt =  "Climate API logo"
  style = "inverted"
%}
<a href="/downloads/climate-api.zip" class="c-btn c-btn--small" download>Download assets</a>

### Elevator pitch
{% include copy-paste.html
  description = "Plan for the future with reliable data. Our Lab interface lets you experiment with different models and scenarios for universally-recognized temperature and precipitation indicators. Access the same data for your research and application development through our API."
%}

### Tagline
{% include copy-paste.html
  description = "Climate change data made easy."
%}

## OpenDataPhilly
“OpenDataPhilly” should always be written in upper camel case. View the [OpenDataPhilly website](https://www.opendataphilly.org/) for more information about the catalog.

{% include image-container.html
  style = "inverted"
  src =  "../images/logo-opendataphilly.png"
  alt =  "OpenDataPhilly"
%}
<a href="/downloads/opendataphilly.zip" class="c-btn c-btn--small" download>Download assets</a>

### Elevator pitch
{% include copy-paste.html
  description = "OpenDataPhilly is a catalog of open data in the Philadelphia region. In addition to being the official open data repository for the city, it includes data sets from many organizations in the region."
%}

### Tagline
{% include copy-paste.html
  description = "Your source for open data in the Philadelphia region."
%}
