_pages/communication/email-signature.md, before:

---
layout: page
type: detail
title: Email signature
group: communication
permalink: /communication/email-signature.html
description: Create your Azavea email signature.


---

<!-- Copy/Paste Variables -->

<!-- Email Signature alone -->
{% capture email_signature %}
  First Name Last Name, Title  
  Azavea | 990 Spring Garden Street, 5th Floor, Philadelphia, PA  
  [youremail@azavea.com](mailto:youremail@azavea.com) | Phone Number  
  [Website](https://www.azavea.com/) | [Blog](https://www.azavea.com/blog/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/azavea) | [Twitter](https://twitter.com/azavea)
{% endcapture %}
{% assign email_signature = email_signature | markdownify %}

<!-- Optional mission statement text -->
{% capture optional_text %}
  Azavea is a [B Corporation](http://www.bcorporation.net/community/azavea) – our mission is to advance the state of the art in geospatial technology and apply it for civic, social, and environmental impact.
{% endcapture %}
{% assign optional_text = optional_text | markdownify %}

<!-- Join us text -->
{% capture join_text %}
  Azavea is a [B Corporation](http://www.bcorporation.net/community/azavea) – our mission is to advance the state of the art in geospatial technology and apply it for civic, social, and environmental impact. [Join us.](http://jobs.azavea.com/)
{% endcapture %}
{% assign join_text = join_text | markdownify %}

<!-- Subscribe to newsletter text -->
{% capture subscribe_text %}
  [Subscribe to our newsletter](https://www.azavea.com/newsletter) to learn about more positive applications of geospatial data and technology.
{% endcapture %}
{% assign subscribe_text = subscribe_text | markdownify %}

<!-- Full email signature text -->
{% capture full_text %}
  First Name Last Name, Title  
  Azavea &#124; 990 Spring Garden Street, 5th Floor, Philadelphia, PA  
  [youremail@azavea.com](mailto:youremail@azavea.com) &#124; Phone Number  
  [Website](https://www.azavea.com/) &#124; [Blog](https://www.azavea.com/blog/) &#124; [GitHub](https://github.com/azavea) &#124; [Twitter](https://twitter.com/azavea)

  Azavea is a [B Corporation](http://www.bcorporation.net/community/azavea) – our mission is to advance the state of the art in geospatial technology and apply it for civic, social, and environmental impact. [Join us.](http://jobs.azavea.com/)
{% endcapture %}
{% assign full_text = full_text | markdownify %}

<!-- End Copy/Paste Variables -->



We standardize our email signature to make sure our contacts have access to company information like our address, phone numbers, websites, and social media accounts. 

{% include note.html 
   text="Note: If you do business development, please contact a member of the Marketing Team to get help with the links in your email signature!"
   style="caution" %}

## Edit your email signature
To edit your email signature, login to Gmail and navigate to “Settings”, “General”, and scroll to find the “Signature” section.

## Email signature sample

{% include copy-paste.html
  description = email_signature
%}

### Optional text
Add this text below the links in your email signature to help the people you’re communicating with understand what we do:

{% include copy-paste.html
  description = optional_text
%}

Include “B Corporation” as a link to our company profile on the B Corporation website. You can also append “Join us.” as a link to the Azavea jobs website to help contacts find our open positions:

{% include copy-paste.html
  description = join_text
%}

Alternatively, add a link to our newsletter sign-up:
{% include copy-paste.html
  description = subscribe_text
%}

### Full email signature sample with optional text
{% include copy-paste.html
  description = full_text
%}

## Details
### Email address
Set your email as a link: `mailto:youremail@azavea.com`

### Phone number
Add a "+" before the area code to create a clickable link: `+1-###-###-####`

### Links
Insert these links into your email signature.

- Website: [https://www.azavea.com/](https://www.azavea.com/)
- Blog: [https://www.azavea.com/blog/](https://www.azavea.com/blog/)
- GitHub: [https://github.com/azavea](https://github.com/azavea)
- Twitter: [https://twitter.com/azavea](https://twitter.com/azavea)
- Azavea jobs page: [http://jobs.azavea.com/](http://jobs.azavea.com/)

You can also add links to our other social media pages.

- Facebook: [https://www.facebook.com/Azavea/](https://www.facebook.com/Azavea/)
- LinkedIn: [https://www.linkedin.com/company/azavea/](https://www.linkedin.com/company/azavea/)

Commit message:

Update Email Signature page to include pronouns and pronunciation and updated instructions

_pages/communication/email-signature.md, after:

---
layout: page
type: detail
title: Email signature
group: communication
permalink: /communication/email-signature.html
description: Create your Azavea email signature.


---

<!-- Copy/Paste Variables -->

<!-- Email Signature alone -->
{% capture email_signature %}
  **First Name Last Name, Title** <br />
  Pronouns: they/them/theirs | [click for name pronunciation](https://namedrop.io/)  <br />
  Azavea | 990 Spring Garden Street, 5th Floor, Philadelphia, PA  <br />
  [youremail@azavea.com](mailto:youremail@azavea.com) | Phone Number  <br /> 
  [Website](https://www.azavea.com/) | [Blog](https://www.azavea.com/blog/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/azavea) | [Twitter](https://twitter.com/azavea)
{% endcapture %}
{% assign email_signature = email_signature | markdownify %}

<!-- Optional mission statement text -->
{% capture optional_text %}
  Azavea is a [B Corporation](http://www.bcorporation.net/community/azavea) – our mission is to advance the state of the art in geospatial technology and apply it for civic, social, and environmental impact.
{% endcapture %}
{% assign optional_text = optional_text | markdownify %}

<!-- Join us text -->
{% capture join_text %}
  Azavea is a [B Corporation](http://www.bcorporation.net/community/azavea) – our mission is to advance the state of the art in geospatial technology and apply it for civic, social, and environmental impact. [Join us.](http://jobs.azavea.com/)
{% endcapture %}
{% assign join_text = join_text | markdownify %}

<!-- Subscribe to newsletter text -->
{% capture subscribe_text %}
  [Subscribe to our newsletter](https://www.azavea.com/newsletter) to learn about more positive applications of geospatial data and technology.
{% endcapture %}
{% assign subscribe_text = subscribe_text | markdownify %}

<!-- Full email signature text -->
{% capture full_text %}
  First Name Last Name, Title  
  Azavea &#124; 990 Spring Garden Street, 5th Floor, Philadelphia, PA  
  [youremail@azavea.com](mailto:youremail@azavea.com) &#124; Phone Number  
  [Website](https://www.azavea.com/) &#124; [Blog](https://www.azavea.com/blog/) &#124; [GitHub](https://github.com/azavea) &#124; [Twitter](https://twitter.com/azavea)

  Azavea is a [B Corporation](http://www.bcorporation.net/community/azavea) – our mission is to advance the state of the art in geospatial technology and apply it for civic, social, and environmental impact. [Join us.](http://jobs.azavea.com/)
{% endcapture %}
{% assign full_text = full_text | markdownify %}

<!-- End Copy/Paste Variables -->



We standardize our email signature to make sure our contacts have access to company information like our address, phone numbers, websites, and social media accounts. 

{% include note.html 
   text="Note: If you do business development, please contact a member of the Marketing Team to get help with the links in your email signature!"
   style="caution" %}

## Edit your email signature

{% include copy-paste.html
  description = email_signature
%}

### Steps
1. Login to your Azavea Gmail account.
2. Navigate to “Settings” through the little gear icon.
3. Click “See all settings” and scroll to find the “Signature” section.
4. Create a new signature and paste the example text from below into your email signature. 
5. We will need to remove all styling and add links manually via the text editor (otherwise they get a weird blue background). Find the little down caret icon to the far right of the toolbar and click the crossed off T icon (if you hover, it will say “Remove formatting”).
5. Now bold the first line. 
6. Replace the placeholder first and last name, title, name pronunciation link (you can use [NameDrop](https://namedrop.io/) to create this), pronouns, email address, phone number (optional).
7. Add / update the following links:
    - **youremail@azavea.com:** `mailto:youremail@azavea.com`
    - **Website:** `https://www.azavea.com/`
    - **Blog:** `https://www.azavea.com/blog/`
    - **GitHub:** `https://github.com/azavea`
    - **Twitter:** `https://twitter.com/azavea`
7. At the bottom of the page, click “Save Changes”.

### Optional text
Add this text below the links in your email signature to help the people you’re communicating with understand what we do:

{% include copy-paste.html
  description = optional_text
%}

Include “B Corporation” as a link to our company profile on the B Corporation website. You can also append “Join us.” as a link to the Azavea jobs website to help contacts find our open positions:

{% include copy-paste.html
  description = join_text
%}

Alternatively, add a link to our newsletter sign-up:
{% include copy-paste.html
  description = subscribe_text
%}

### Full email signature sample with optional text
{% include copy-paste.html
  description = full_text
%}

## Details
### Email address
Set your email as a link: `mailto:youremail@azavea.com`

### Phone number
Add a "+" before the area code to create a clickable link: `+1-###-###-####`

### Links
Insert these links into your email signature.

- Website: [https://www.azavea.com/](https://www.azavea.com/)
- Blog: [https://www.azavea.com/blog/](https://www.azavea.com/blog/)
- GitHub: [https://github.com/azavea](https://github.com/azavea)
- Twitter: [https://twitter.com/azavea](https://twitter.com/azavea)
- Azavea jobs page: [http://jobs.azavea.com/](http://jobs.azavea.com/)

You can also add links to our other social media pages.

- Facebook: [https://www.facebook.com/Azavea/](https://www.facebook.com/Azavea/)
- LinkedIn: [https://www.linkedin.com/company/azavea/](https://www.linkedin.com/company/azavea/)
