identity/company.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Company
group: identity
status: complete
permalink: /identity/company.html
description: Core brand info like our elevator pitch, mission, and taglines.

---
## Our name
Azavea's name is derived from the word “zavea”, which means “perspective” in [Urdu](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Urdu).

### Pronunciation

Azavea: ah-ZA-vee-ah

Add link to audio player for pronunciation (link on wiki [http://wiki.internal.azavea.com/doku.php?id=start](http://wiki.internal.azavea.com/doku.php?id=start))

## Who we are
We build software and conduct data analyses for governments, non-profit organizations, academic research projects, and private firms on projects in an array of domains including: climate change, elections, conservation, water, forestry, planning, economic development, and public safety.

### Elevator pitch
This is our elevator pitch and can be used in conjunction with the mission statement. If there is a character length constraint, this statement can stand alone.

> Azavea is a B-Corporation that creates geospatial software and data analytics for the web.

What is a B Corporation? Read our [B Corporation company page](http://www.bcorporation.net/community/azavea) to learn more.

### Mission statement
Our mission statement describes why we do what we do. We use our mission statement as an introduction to the company ethos on our website and within proposals, marketing assets, and community presentations.

> Our mission is to apply geospatial technology, data analysis, and research for positive civic, social and environmental impact.

### Taglines
Each of the below taglines can accompany our logo. They should never be used together, nor altered to fit within a containing sentence. For more information on how to visually use a tagline with our logo, see the [Logo page](/design/logo.html).

> Beyond Dots on a Map

> Advanced geospatial technology and research for civic and social impact

Commit message:

Edit copy and add asset downloads for multiple pages

identity/company.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Company
group: identity
status: in_progress
permalink: /identity/company.html
description: Core brand info like our elevator pitch, mission, and taglines.

---
## Our name
Azavea's name is derived from the word “zavea”, which means “perspective” in [Urdu](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Urdu).

### Pronunciation

Azavea: ah-zay-vee-ah

## Who we are
We build software and conduct data analyses for governments, nonprofit organizations, academic research institutions, and private firms on projects in an array of domains including: climate change, conservation, economic development, elections, energy, forestry, infrastructure asset management, planning, public safety, transportation, and water resources.

### Elevator pitch
This is our elevator pitch and can be used in conjunction with the mission statement. If there is a character length constraint, this statement can stand alone.

> Azavea is a B-Corporation that creates geospatial software and data analytics for the web.

What is a B Corporation? Read our [B Corporation company page](http://www.bcorporation.net/community/azavea) to learn more.

### Mission statement
Our mission statement describes why we do what we do. We use our mission statement as an introduction to the company ethos on our website and within proposals, marketing assets, and community presentations.

> Our mission is to advance the state of the art in geospatial technology and apply it for civic, social, and environmental impact.

### Taglines
Each of the below taglines can accompany our logo. They should never be used together, nor altered to fit within a containing sentence. For more information on how to visually use a tagline with our logo, see the [Logo page](/design/logo.html).

> Beyond Dots on a Map

> Advanced geospatial technology and research for civic and social impact
