identity/partners.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Partners
group: identity
status: in_progress
permalink: /identity/partners.html
description: Brand assets and relationship descriptions related to business partners.

---

## CARTO
Azavea is a CARTO business partner. "CARTO" should be referred to in all caps.

### Website

[https://carto.com/partners/](https://carto.com/partners/)

### Logo

{% include image-container.html
  src =  "../images/logo-opendatavote-blue.png"
  alt =  "CARTO"
%}


## Esri

### Website

[https://www.opendatavote.org/](https://www.opendatavote.org/)

### Logo

{% include image-container.html
  src =  "../images/logo-opendatavote-blue.png"
  alt =  "OpenDataVote"
%}


## LocationTech
"LocationTech" should always be written in upper camel case.

### Website

[https://www.locationtech.org/content/azavea](https://www.locationtech.org/content/azavea)

### Logo

{% include image-container.html
  src =  "../images/logo-locationtech.png"
  alt =  "LocationTech"
%}

## OSGeo
"OSGeo" should always be written as "OS" in caps and "Geo" in title case.

### Website

[https://www.osgeo.org/service-providers/azavea/](https://www.osgeo.org/service-providers/azavea/)

### Logo

{% include image-container.html
  src =  "../images/logo-locationtech.png"
  alt =  "LocationTech"
%}

Commit message:

Edit copy and add asset downloads for multiple pages

identity/partners.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Partners
group: identity
status: in_progress
permalink: /identity/partners.html
description: Brand assets and relationship descriptions related to business partners.

---

## CARTO
Azavea is a CARTO business partner. "CARTO" should be referred to in all caps.

View the [CARTO Business Partner](https://carto.com/partners/) website for more information.

### Logos and marketing assets
Multiple logos and interface examples are available.

{% include image-container.html
  src =  "../images/logo-CARTO.png"
  alt =  "CARTO logo"
%}

<a href="/downloads/CARTO-business-partner-assets.zip" class="c-btn c-btn--small" download>Download assets</a>

## Esri
Azavea is an Esri business partner. "Esri" should be written in title case.

View the [Esri Business Partner](http://www.esri.com/partners) website for more information.

### Logos and marketing assets

{% include image-container.html
  src =  "../images/logo-Esri.png"
  alt =  "Esri logo"
%}

<a href="/downloads/Esri-business-partner-assets.zip" class="c-btn c-btn--small" download>Download assets</a>

## LocationTech
"LocationTech" should always be written in upper camel case.

View the [Azavea page](https://www.locationtech.org/content/azavea) on the LocationTech website for more information.

### Logos and marketing assets

{% include image-container.html
  src =  "../images/logo-locationtech.png"
  alt =  "LocationTech logo"
%}

<a href="/downloads/LocationTech-business-partner-assets.zip" class="c-btn c-btn--small" download>Download assets</a>
